Add client credentials grant documentation for MCP (#5256)
mintlify/docs: ai/model-context-protocol.mdx

  </Step>
</Steps>

### Client credentials

Client credentials let you connect to your authenticated MCP server programmatically without a browser-based login. Use client credentials for server-side integrations, CI/CD pipelines, automated workflows, and any environment where a user cannot complete an interactive OAuth flow.

Client credentials authenticate against the `/authed/mcp` endpoint and return the same content as an authenticated user with access to all pages.

<Steps>
  <Step title="Create a client credential">
    1. Navigate to the [MCP server page](https://dashboard.mintlify.com/products/mcp) in your dashboard.
    2. In the **Client Credentials** section, select **Create credential**.
    3. Enter a label for the credential to identify its purpose.

>     4. Copy the **client ID** and **client secret**. The client secret is only shown once and cannot be retrieved later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. Copy the **client ID** and **client secret**. The client secret is only shown once. You cannot retrieve it later.
```
